i've said it all a hundred times so its fine to type it in.

Hello!  As a person who enjoys games and puzzles, and also a package handler who has spent the better part of two decades loading trucks at FedEx Ground at their facility in Champaign, Illinois, I have amassed a small wealth of knowledge about how to best arrange packages in various styles of freight trailers, in order to best protect their contents and the people who will contribute to the work of shipping them.  The industry, like many, is always changing, and currently we rise to meet the challenge that automation promises to someday deliver.  Technology more and more gives birth to wonders, always finding new ways to minimize the risks that it brings with it, and one day work like that that I endeavor at will become rare, and I believe that will be a good thing.  As of now, however, the shipping of consumer and light industrial goods is well in the wheelroom of working-class humanoids, with just a smattering of solid-state electronics.  So for this final stretch of track, I want to offer my opinions on what works, with the caveat that my own experience and that of training scores of new hires are my only source of information.  People differ in their optimal methods of taking in new knowledge, but for those that benefit from reading, and especially those working earlier in a day of operation at the hub I work at, please consider some of my thoughts.

First, I'll pick some terminology.

In order to break down complex problems to analysis or discussion, it is often helpful to describe some heuristics - simplified qualities of the state of our ongoing solution.  We are trying to fill a truck with goods, as efficiently as possible, and with a level of safety that is beyond reproach.  While I have always felt that my job is a safe one to work at, in my years at FedEx it has become even more so under the watchful eye of management, and at times we all have to allow a new rule or two in, even if it seems a bit heavy handed.  For instance, consider our policy of entering and exiting the "belly" of a trailer - when a "chute" is "down" (terms I will soon discuss further), we are instructed to walk to the "nose" of the trailer, climb down into it (lifting the flaps if need be), and then climbing down the rest of the way into the belly.  Having worked at my facility since it was substantially smaller, my instinct often is to jump directly down, especially if I see that packages are at risk of falling in, but for a cohort of reasons not worth detailing here, I must admit that worker safety far enough outweighs that of material things that we should  observe rules such as these.  Fortunately, a skilled worker can negate any risk of packages coming to this end, simply by observing a few common sense practices.  With that, I will begin my talk on tactics at an appropriate place - the belly of a trailer.

Loading Tactics

The words "tactic" and "strategy: are often interchangeable, but when contrasted, "tactics" are shorter term considerations, while "strategies" are overarching.  Your Ops manager will handle the more strategic concerns of our work, especially in your first few years working with us.  When your work begins to appear inefficient due to a lack of material to keep current on, the correct move is to find somewhere else where your contribution to your side's effort will count for more.  Someone else will do the work of balancing our workforce across different areas of the building, and your Ops manager will convey to you any relocation.  But it would not hurt for me to discuss here one common shape that the trailers we load with packages come in.

Often, trucks have *a belly*.  (figure 1.a)

Factors like wind-resistance, average load weights, fuel costs, and the dimensions of the roadways and bridges contribute to the shape of the trailers we use for our work.  It turns out that the trucks we use are somewhat taller inside than the height it is easy to stack goods being shipped.  As we stack things higher and higher, our work can begin to slow, requiring the use of "load stands". (figure 1.b)  What goes up, must come down, as they say, so it is also clear that we can create risks in our work environment by carelessly stacking.  In order to balance all of these factors, engineers have chosen to segregate trucks into more than one space - an area "above deck" - on the "flaps", serviced by built-in-place rollers, and an area underneath - the *belly*.  

Standing above deck, we still sometimes must work ardently to use our entire vertical space, just as filling the belly well can take a substantial amount of extra effort.  Skill at both can mitigate the problems greatly, however.

Generally speaking, packages will slide gracefully and efficiently down rollers and chutes, and into the trailer you are loading.  Some freight is unsuitable for the main mechanisms, and will come straight through the building instead of up and through the sorting mechanism.  This will be put in the trailers or chutes manually, sometimes requiring that a chute be retracted to the "up" position.  Also, when a trailer is first opened and set up by your Ops manager, the chute will be *up*.  So often, you will have the goal of 'dropping the chute', so that sortation can proceed efficiently.  If you can recognize the common pitfalls surrounding this system, you will be well on your way to understanding the work of a loader.  Consider this new-hire mistake:  (fig 1.c)

When a package enters a trailer through the chute, it will either end up on the rollers, rolling freely or not, or the "flow" will spread to either side of the rollers, coming to a halt on the decks.  If the decks are not closed, however, boxes that don't obediently land straight can fall in.  But that is not the only problem with the picture - even if the belly is full of boxes, we do not want boxes to spread out on top of them.  For one, this needless uncontrolled motion will cause wear and tear on the boxes.  But worse, as our truck becomes full, we will need the flaps to be closed so that we may stand on them and load.  And in the meantime, we want them to be closed so that we can climb into, and out, of the trailer.  (fig 1.d)  Thus, there is never an advantage of having the chute "down" before the first two flaps are closed, except in the most contrived situations.  One of our first goals in a trailer is to close the first two flaps. (fig 1.e)  Then we are free to let our chute in.

But when might we not wish to take this step?

First, let me point out that lapses in protocol can engender risks to workers where the building and the trailer meet.  Be sure that the proper precautions have been taken before working in this area.  Take note of the conditions of surfaces here.  Look at the metal edges of the chute and the rollers next to it, the flaps of the trailer, the boxes in the chute.  Are boxes stuck somewhere?  Are they heavy?  Has a box come open somehow?  Is there foreign matter anywhere?  Anything slippery, including icy or wet floors?  Always listen for anything out of the ordinary.  It is possible for boxes to tumble out of the chute, so keep your eye out for erratic movement, and make certain those around you are doing the same.

When the front flaps are open, we can enter and exit the trailer without climbing, allowing quicker access to places in the belly.  This can be quite an advantage in some situations.  Pay attention to the workload accumulating outside of the trailer.  (fig 1.f)

Some packages are harder to handle than others.  Often, the hardest ones to work with are the IC's.  Also known as N.C.s - *not compatibile*'s, "IC" is a shorthand for "incompatibles" - packages that are not suitable for mechanical sorting in the upper part of the building.  Package handlers make the determination that it is better to use the ground-level belts and other equipment to move them through the building, based on rules and empirical data.  Consider this package - the axle of a motor vehicle, with a cardboard sleeve for protection: (fig 1.g)  For reasons that are likely clear, we don't rush something like this through the building.  But even when we get it to your trailer, it still can create difficulty - it is heavy, and can cause cosmetic damage, or worse, if we load it on top of things.  Also it could fall off of them.  It is too long to fit sideways into the truck, so if we receive it after a certain point in our trailer, we cannot "side-wall" it.  (fig 1.h)  But consider this maneuver: (fig 1.i)  A package handler preparing to drop her chute saunters in to their trailer and sets the axle down.  They hop down from the *wheelwell*, and then further move the axle to either this (fig 1.j) or this (fig 1.k) location.  Then, they just keep doing what they were doing.

From experience, I can say that very little is lost by occupying either of these spaces.  In about nine seconds, this potential hurdle has been dealt with and forgotten.  One person acting alone has loaded the item with minimal risk to others.  The axle no longer clutters the floor.  It cannot fall anywhere, or trip someone.  In general:

*there are packages that typically present more challenges to a loader* 

and

*there are locations in a trailer that excel at easing these challenges*

The belly, while it is open, can be an easy place to move heavy things that are small in one or more dimensions.  Even when speed is at a premium, a few tactical moves executed before closing the front flaps and letting the chute in can save time and reduce clutter outside of the trailer.  One reason this is so notable is that when moves like this are not recognised and applied, we do not see any good alternatives for a long time, if we ever do.  Try to hold in mind when some package is becoming more difficult to deal with as your efforts continue, or if it becoming easier.  Perhaps there is another task nearby that would benefit from your prompt attention.  In general:

*be aware of the hardest packages to handle that you can see*

Two workers working in proximity must always take care not to cause or allow boxes to move unpredictably to the other.  If handling a package together, try to intuit what dangers are presenting themselves to your coworker, and how they expect you to behave.  Although it is necessary for two package handlers to work together to lift heavy items for safety reasons, it brings with it new complexities.  Know the skill level of your coworker, and observe their state of mind.  Move smoothly and deliberately.  Sometimes the best option is to move mid-weight items alone, "rolling" or tilting a box over edges or load-stands slowly and methodically.  (fig 1.l)