the queen awakens from a hyperrealistic dream of (modern) world.  in it she fled from some calamity that seemed at the same time to be very recent and very distant in her memory.  the prince said he had had the same dream once, and that he would (and must) explain it to her, but he could not think of a way to do so without first telling her many lies.  this is both because the real truth would be too upsetting, and also impossible to describe.

they fled in the corridor for an eternity as themselves, and the prince would always see her that way.  the queen was more than that, so she resided in the world above, built fundamentally out of their interactions below.  the prince lets his twin into the world thus built, but delays him and his own couriers algorithmically, and the couple travels the world wide, the prince lost in thought, as the princess in the corrider is.

probs spend some time on differences between mundane world and story world, which queen finds confusing and concerning.  she worries about needs and suffering of commonfolk.  prince offers that the commoners can all be allowed to die without children, or die from blissful overdose, short or long.  she can't chose, so he choses, and keeps his choice secret because none would satisfy her.  she finds this power unattractive.  (is that why you turn it down? to keep your beauty?) it is story world, so the royals don't need commoners for support.

anyway, about corridor - princess(queen) fades into consciousness after some large number of rooms, remembering the beginning.  king explains this is normal. but after how many? she can't remember when it started. (no random number without specified range) she actually wakes up after aleph one, it turns out, and only after the prince allows twin in.  this is because only then is she bestowed.  prince was never real; the only part of himself that he valued was the effect he had on her.  the banished rise; their fate is unsaid. this world is forgotten, with the twin alone in it.  (or not)


the good prince may or may not have last been seen overdosing on joyfulness, stating that the question of what it would be like could not go unanswered.

the banished can all also be started this way - remembering mid-life what is going on. this could be theme, like the allthoughts.

story world queen is about how large a consciousness can be, slowed mind, will, 

prince:love is to touch. queen:love is to birth, or to heal.  leave open her fate probs. she probs leaves evil twin alone, unable to end him.  perhaps he can never be sure she is gone, or won't someday come visit.  he might someday have forgiven himself and made a great new world of free men.

