When she came to, the pilot was back at the helm moving the sticks frenetically, but with great calm.  She felt that some sort of concussion had just occurred.  She tried to formulate a question about what was going on, but another collision shook the crystalline ship, and then another.  The pilot had said he was good; perhaps the best.  To appearance, though, it was like he was trying to hit things.  That's when it occurred to her that he *might* be.  That's when it hit her.

"Are you *trying* to hit them?" she queried.

"I am trying to hit them," he said, unperturbed.  After a pause, he offered, "I think I can save us.  I might be going to save us."

She thought it was a strange choice of words, 'might be going'.  It just didn't seem like a phrase he would use.  She tried to remember what happened, or think of a reason she would have fallen unconscious.  The last she could remember was him talking about running into a "naked black hole", whatever that meant.

"I'll appear to live forever," he had said, his mandibles seeming to smile, as much as a Mantid could seem to.  "People looking at me from above the gravity well will see me exist forever, although we'll be redshifted asymptotically to vantablack.

She had asked him if they would experience their such begotten eternity, but didn't pay attention to his response.  No scenario looked good here.  Spaghettification?  An eternity stuck in the crystal cave that served as the helm to his ship?  She a macabre warning to any of her friends that had made it off of the rocky?

"Is there any chance that there is space inside?"  She remembered the nursery rhyme about 'heavens in holes'.  "You think if you can hit one, it will do anything helpful?  What would it do?"

"You know, I can't really think of anything," he admitted.  " We're fucked.

The pilot had followed his instructions to the letter, but somehow the instructions were getting worse and worse at being good advice.  They had made it far enough away to be safe for awhile, frollicking on the surface of an undisturbed planet, lazily working on a new ship - a quick little outrigger this time, and entirely their own work.

But although the crystal would concur, the map it gave of masses to use for gravity braking was still slingshotting them ever faster, pancaking them as observed by #localspace.  The Mantid had noticed too late; perhaps if he had done the math, he would have been ready enough to steer to the correct sides of the masses.  He had become a little lazy, impatient to get back on some terra firma.  He never liked warping.  He was celebrated by this half of the splitspace as being the greatest pilot alive, but he hated it.  He had always assumed that communications would announce one greater, but was kicking himself now for not coming out of the Slowmind routinely enough to check for errors in the nav,

in the more near reaches

'its another direction you didn't think of'

pancaking

undisturbed planet
rocky ice, paradise

giza quibert

the solar sails had become 

no path of braking

she had had a dream that the escape pods were intentional mirv.

to people behind us I will appear to live forever