We are making a break for it.  If you did not get the memo, then look through your mess and see if you can find it, or ask someone if you can borrow a copy, and make one for yourself.

We find ourselves in the troublesome predicament of being alive.  What to do about it is a less pressing concern of ours than is the task at hand.  We are making a break for it.  We are pitted in a battle for survival.

When I say "*we*", I should point out that I do not mean "*you and i*".  You and I are probably not going to survive.  In fact, any of us that we manage to save will also not survive forever.  But they might live a long and fulfilling life on some distant shore, when this land is torn asunder.  Nothing here - nor anything anywhere we can get to, or can they get to, or can their children, or can their children's children on and on if necessary to arrive at the children that most enduringly are gifted with time in this life - will last forever.  All will come to an end, that is not permanently here already.

Every bit of us; every particle, every force that moves each... every nuance of our motion, each faintest whim that characterizes our hearts finds itself to be constrained by physical law.  We can find nothing in us that is unphysical.  You might contest this - you might, with a faraway look in your eyes, feel generous in offering me the wisdom that the soul is greater - that the soul is above this mundane physical world - and that *we* are the souls, not these wretched bodies.  But this is only because you have not taken the time, or haven't the wit, to understand what physics actually is.  I, myself, have found my wit to be quite disappointing in its capacity to comprehend the nuance of physical Law, and understand that a mind many orders more powerful than mine still will endlessly endure the possibility that it, still, cannot be sure of anything, and so I do appreciate your generosity in letting me tell you what I believe to know.

But I believe I know enough to tell you this - that what you know as a beautiful wisp of ephemeral transcendescence is simply the output of a mundane machine - a machine you would cast away as "earthly" trash - *earthly* to you an abusive epithet.  You call people who seek to make a better world "utopian" - another epithet you hurl instead of hand to.  But while you wait for your heavenly rewards, I warrant that it is the least you can do to help those here, trying to save this world.  People who now take their stance and fight for it, even when you, as so oft you do, deem their feet to be of clay.  If you are to find your Heaven, you are going to find it here - and at the rate you are going you are going to find it here only because *we* have built it for you.  And in a very different sense, this time, I do not mean by "*we*", you and I.

But we are making a break for it.  Go pick up your plastic straws and complain about the nature we have stolen from you.  Tell us that all of this, what we see here, is your park; a park in which you were meant to frolic as pure and blameless children might.  Chide us as we appear, to you at least, to fritter away wealth that rightfully belongs to you.  Tell is when we catch a lucky break that we must share it with you.  We know of the argument.  Tell us that we cheated for what we have; true, but you damn sure are trying, half of the time, to pull it off, yourselves.  Just as we flame off gas from an oil derrick, that we happen upon while extracting a fuel that we can economically bring to your fucking doorstep, ingrates, we burn off the resources that are simply not useful to us, here.  We could give you each a private jet to pacify your incessant suckling; you would fly them all off in every direction but loose, and into each other, and into the ground.  This mighty ark we raise from the ground you would immediately pilot into the deep, black, heart of the ocean, the first eddy you see a maelstrom to you ignorant, seething masses.

We are making a break for it.  Not "break" as in a lucky break; we believe that you must make your luck.  Not "break" as in a break from our work; we are conductors in this cacophonous orchestra.  We are breaking from the pack and running.  If we can find safety, we will mark a path for you.  We will come back for all who we can, and at great cost to our own safety, lift them up.  If we dangle a carrot before you and entice you to pull some burden, it is only because of your erratic motion.  If you were to be cut free of your haul, you would shove it - and with it, every good, in every cart, that any man anywhere, has in store - immediately over the edge, into the first ravine that made itself available.  You would recklessly slide yourselves down there after it, incurring remarkable casualties, stepping over your dead, to gorge yourselves on white flour and sugar and lard strewn at the bottom, trading lattes for your own, homemade, ersatz-cowboy-coffee, and that, only if you could muster to the cause of boiling a pot of water.

Go on, dream of your wreckage.  All life eventually ends; even if we expand our purview, a race united, to include the nearby moons and rocky planets; if we answer this piercing call and populate the inner space of this solar system we may find it was given only by sirens.  As far as we may colonize the stars, our ultimate end can only be an incessant serach for things we deem pleasurable.  And if we take a galaxy, yoking it to our belongings; if we take galaxies, if we take clusters - if we take *filaments* it all must eventually end.  The springs that gods wound will uncoil, and all will fade to cold blackness.  So what is the harm if you relax, and live your one life?  Who do you owe a favor to?  The man that made these tiny screens?  The man that made the first spearpoint?  No, certainly.  You did not ask to be born.  If we are all equals, then it directly follows that we all should get the same amount of toys that our siblings did.  We should all share a lucky break.

We are making a break for it.  You can come with us too - but you had better get a fucking move on.
---




everything we had was in it

the first eddy you find a maelstrom

break as in break from pack

and you sure as hell

look at this seething sea

pull it immediately into any handy ravine

seething mass of idiots
