Compelling
__
could swap the chapter name in any chapter in with any word in any chapter could move all of the text to the left could insert a nonsense word in any place in any chapter Simple.  There are any number of changes I could make that would prevent any book I choose from being a book.  A typo might be forgiven, or even a larger, grammatical, error.  Things that the reader could go in and fix on his own, writing in a comma in red ink.  I could take the middle 300 pages of a six-hundred page book and suggenly stop using the Oxford comma, and then start again.  I'll call it "Stanford".  Some books just don't make sense; some patterns float like smoke in air that sways side to side from the passing of transverse pressure waves; the all too real thud of a low-frequency loudspeaker wobbling the air that music lives inside.  I could just suddenly start writing about standard issue sorcery being practised in the middle of a chapter about these "aliens".  Strunk.  might I don't have to write a thing at all; likewise, I could write down the entire thing, verbatim, and then not submit it to be published, choosing instead to commit all of my copies to the new purpose of being vermin- and fire-prone batting. (...)don't even question whether or not this is what we should be doing; that clarity and parsimony are unrivalled in value by any and all things.  We don't even consider their alternative; the rules we have locked ourselves into just by learning as children to speak a native tongue or two.  A schizophrenic can say just about any thing he wishes, and no one would bat an eye; he can do just about any thing.  How can anyone be any more free than that?  Not only are they more free, but they are the *only* ones who are free. CR $n all the same to you, let's just use "/n", as that will be easier for me to remember I don't know which parts of this I am supposed to put downWhat you are saying just doesn't make sense.  If you are communicating with me, how does that even work?  To what end am I committing these words to paper?  You can't see them at that distance any more easily than simply magically reading my mind, or controlling it, whichever it is that you do even if we completely ignore the fact that it would take another fifty years to get a signal back, due to ironclad laws of physics.  I simply do not believe you.  I am only writing this down; it is the product of my own creative mind.  I am just under the influence of some kind of drug, and that is why I am only just now finding myself in the position of being of a creative bent.  writes to want to Try it.  Then.  some kind of somehow I communicate by jotting this down with a special pencil that was given to me as a gift by a wise old codger down the street, who the other kids laugh at, but who I take noodles on Thursdays from the shop that I get free noodles from the shop that compulsion

you have your answer/