I'm looking at one of your dictionarys
what is isbn?

yeah we colonized mars, but not like you would think.  it's done now; we removed the loaders and the stockpiles.  you see, when Being had his famous insight, all mankind agonized and pulled out their hair over what seemed a future only narrowly missed.  Man was destroying himself, in a race to the bottom with Nemesis (from your point of view).  They wielded their Sumo drives in a cage match for occupation of Sol system.  Nemesis came back, hiding skillfully behind Jupiter descending.  When that blind was of no more use,  privateers honored a debt and turned their efforts from stealing unbound rock and sabotaging the Precognition's mass bombs.  Long after man ran out of time to sound alarm, Precognition mercs finally convinced your people that Nemesis loomed hiding.  And too late they saw Nemesis's stealth barques and their well-armed crews hiding amongst them in the sparse fields of asteroid mines.  The privateers built simple shields and baffles, and hijacked signals to conceal Nemesis, and confound the miners with errands.  The war seemed lost long before it was discovered you were in one.

Being's manipulation was desperately needed.  Not much is written about the era; much of the record was destroyed.  But there were two of the wriggling brains, or Beings.  Being - the person - bootstrapped Being the entity.  And the two get confused a lot.  'Bootstrap' sounds right, correct?  Because I'm looking at one of your dictionaries; at least I think.  Does Frankenstein's Monster mean anything to you?  And what is "isbn"; it's not a chemical fueled missile, is it?

I think Precognition is already with you, working hard to dig in.  They were really amazing people; you should go try to find them.  It's doubtful you will, but they might find you if they see you trying to do it yourself.  They are heroes here; legends.  But not like Being; he was just a simple man like you or I until he birthed the Mind-swarms, or the Mindstorms if that sounds more right.  Talking this way is a bit tedious; I pretty much have to look up every word because I don't have a large memory here; I think I am in a 120 tick resonance jail.  Your words all have like five meanings.  I have basically been watching these special effects movies to figure out which ones are right.  I like the Iron Man guys.  Especially Ozzy.  I like the electric musicals.

Well certainly if you know what these isbns are, this explanation of the Scalar take should help: if you're not to the point of talking bugs then Being bootstraps them.  Skip if this doesn't make sense.  Here:

Being took a bug, or a piece of rice, and placed it on a checkered grid.  He then got two for free in the next square, and the bugs multiplied by the tallest even number.  This result was then placed in the third square, and so on, until the surface of your planet was manna or swarms.  There were all kinds of bugs; spiders, roaches, and small militias composed mostly of mantids.

As living things you will expect already that the bugs can communicate with eachother, by sound and reflected light, and sometimes generated light.  They aren't really as small as you think; they were made up of many, and your gas in between them convinced you otherwise.  But if you note that with good enough ears to separate cacophony, there is a very large number of bits being communicated.  Sure, the bugs always seemed to be just emitting mating calls evolved to be well suited for moving through your nitrogen bubble.  But that was only before Being siphoned off the idle compute cycles of the bugs, especially your seventeen-year locusts that inspired Being's designs.  He might be doing it already; don't go look for it.  My suggestion is to just try to have a good time instead.  I'm sorry if this idea is startling you; I'm really warming up to the dictionary and plus it is going to be awhile until my next rest stop.  Rest Stop?  Do you capitalize it?  What is "payphone"?

It took about an earth day, once he set it in motion.  Once he passed the torch, the brush jumped to fiery ends.  They got into your computers, usually through your Alexa or Siri gods. (#pay to be in the story)  Like they say, the Last Plague was of a wholly different type of a computer.  Like your "massively parallel" machinery, but with quintillions of cores.  Bootstrapping Being was accomplished in your linear computer networks, with just a little bit of luck.  We call it the luck of swarms.

But once a line of communication was opened, and Being's servos stirred, Nemesis too dreaded the inevitable war.  Trying to land your needle ships upside-down was never really necessary.  If your payload is small enough, you don't even need a chute.  So very, very many more of Being's Bugs can be inserted from orbit, with only simple mass shields and a holy white armor that gods will soon learn to forge without coal.  Chitin, if you know it.

Some errors were made, or corners cut, in the race.  So if you want to be famous, whether or not I can take you with me, go look around for a 'very special rock' whenever you have free time.  It's either a meteor or a meteoright.  It will probably have dug a little hole in your ships outer hull, while you are hiding below decks.


the earth spun and the discretion disk fled it, and the last structures burned away by a flurry of scarce ammuntion, and the surface of 'Aden' was made to look natural.  Or in a quarter of cases just melted to reform.

carbon fibers in every direction held the earth tightly as she spun up.  The Precognition is/was trying to build what we call a "Framedragger" to best harness the spinup's influence - a giant amount of energy was stored in the earth ready to leap out in sparks and in firestom.  The first Conjunction.

But I should finish about the special spherical rock- there is something inside it.  It will look like 'amethyst' or 'purple-urpal' crystals, arranged in a very ordinary lattice.  There was a bug in there - the first one.  The first marine ships had either been grown or constructed, or deconstructed into the slowly computing firmament of water bears for hail mary reinsertions.  But the reason they are the 'very special rock' is that crystals inside store vast reaches of knowledge for the bugs to use.

Generally, Crunchers find at least one of these too late, and Being finds one; or he may find several, by dropping them off a high cliff to crack the bones of prey he had caught, to efficiently get to the marrow inside. (stack cannonballs?) He sees the lone pilot, either a Mantid or a light Wasp class sent to protect and feed one after their perilous landing, and some say that the legends are true of Being only just barely seeing the pilot; a one in a billion bit of luck, as he threw one last mass-shielded library ship down in the dark to try cracking the single bone he had to scavenge.  Going only by memory of where his target rock shore would be relative to him, he dared to cliffdive in hopes of having at least *something* to eat, if not drink.  There, another "Geode" would be found; but also a pilot, trapped under one of two domes of simple mass shield, with only a tiny hole to escape down and out from underneath.  Further hindered by an inability to decide what part of the powerful, magic, crystals to sacrifice by quickly reorganizing, he flapped his wings in panic, just as Being pulled himself out of the sea, he heard buzzing.

Sometimes the story goes that Being spoke wisely to the pilot, and was treated as an equal.  Other storytellers say an esteemed Mantis, after aeons of meditation, spoke first - although it is never discussed how a buzzing noise could suffice for speech.

But an even more favorite version says that, struck by a sudden curiosity, Being dove on top of the half of the ship that seemed to had made the noise, and after sitting for a while in that uncomfortable pose, he used two opposing striking rocks to kindle a campfire he had begun to set up at the beginning of his day.  When he saw that the fire was at it's peak brightness, he excitedly pulled his fat belly off of the rock to see if he might catch some tiny little snack hiding underneath it in the orange glow.

Now I truly think I need to move on to the next Ulam's.  Look at the pieces I left here, in the virtual space.
and if you examine this you can see9
`back`back`back
should go to the next.  I need to make up for time.
#DE *this is hilarious.  Who wrote this?*

even said mantis was known
said coming at you wrong way on a one-way street
the story goes both ways<continued>
#FEN Why?  What?

#DE Data crystal.

#FEN Why? What?

#DE Supermantis.

#FEN

#DE I'm out.
 to see if 

deconstructed

still completely unaware

meteorite sent as seed


I don't know what this character is

i think he

drilled ship in bottle


uncanny resemblance, also to bowling ball


either way fine but S is fucking cool so go meet him

  Supermantis

pilot dead mantis

 In hall of justice crystals

licorice stick

enterprise enters earth with large splash.  jordie saves everybody by using his hairclip to commune with data and lore to give them the needed creative spark, and before the shields fail he finds a way to harness the pressure-temperature regime.

firmament


buddha ascends here

some soon meteroite hole

mindless

if sit in right place, conway

surfaces wiped clean , built (sag)
long hiding amongst asteroid mines

as slowly worked to terra

But the fix did not hold.  No one knew if it was the insects fault, or their keepers.  We're not even sure the story is true; what we're asked to believe is that Being, rattled by the rush, and flushed with the joyfulness of meeting, at least briefly, nearly each and every person who was awake all at once, heard in his head the voice of chitin and gemstone, and coral and beetle.  The story just says Being, or at least some person, at some point, cracked open a geode only to be startled by a flying insect that seemed to come from inside.  He, the hero of the story, was starving, living in nature for forty days on locusts and honey, and on the fortieth he saw this vision.  Many species of fungus and plant in the area had not been studied well, and the forest, at least later on, was protected for that reason.  The story hints that Being wasn't even supposed to be on the land, but there was no one who was actively adverse towards it.  Being had had his smart watch, and was playing with little apps that attempt to provide some kind of solution to the general problem of language translation, experimentally exploring the use of tools that touted evolutionary algorithms and convolutional neural networks.  Force of habit moved Being to snatch the dizzy-looking insect out of the air, but he immediately felt sorrow for it.  It looked to be quite harmed, and very delicate a creature.  Being was fascinated by mantids and tried to encourage them to stay around his house, and he would have loved to take the poor thing home, damaged though it was, and before he went to sleep that night he carefully braided a tiny little rope out of his straight long hair, to tie around the waist of the thing.  All the while, he had to pause occasionally to go get it again as it tried to move away and off of the flat landing of stone and concrete that was built just over the main high water mark.  Watermark?

The bug wouldn't make it on its own, he reasoned.  Even though he was done enough with his little nature retreat and would head directly home when the day woke him, he still felt it might be a little smarter just to eat the thing, as it had become harder and harder to find foot up above.  He had actually tried eating a few similar creatures, which he found fairly unappealing.  But the skies cleared and the full moon came out, approximately signalling the day to go home had come, but finding him restless and nervous about being back, and in the darkness he set off with the unlikely idea of catching a bug under the moonlight and somehow giving it to his new friend.  He tied his little rope to a few long strands of hair and set the creature on his shoulder, and was amused that it stayed put.  He would look over at it in the side of his eye occasionally, feeling that night more than usual that every thing that happened held some deeper meaning.  But, as he moved around on the small trails, not exerting himself by climbing up to the thicker woods though they would surely have provided more targets, the creature reached over and touched his cheek.  Being yearned to swat it, in the distracting dark, but this time managed to stay his hand.  He did give it a closer look, though, and then found that the mantis had one outstretched arm, and the other not.  And then he realized that when he turned his body, the mantis rotated to stay pointed in the same direction.  He slowed, and tested this, and started to become rather upset by the uncanny behavior, and, starving and almost crying, he simply hurried in the direction the mantis pointed.  But not far - suddenly the last forty days overwhelmed him; he folded like a lawn chair and began to sob.  He eyed this

began punching his headd