we are what you call lizard people. you see, dinosaurs, as terrible some of them may be, are still quite interested in tools.  although they are, some of them, endowed with great claws and spiked tails, and the gnashing of many teeth, there is no job that isn't done better with a well-designed tool.  by now you should have learned some of the properties of deep time, and shouldn't be surprised if important history is hidden there.

i think i should talk of apples, and of eden. you tell of.. but i think - (eden metaphor for men joining cities.  but our history is not so.  just as your people did, our ancestors and their brothers had hands that gripped things.  and war shaped us. your primates climb trees to find their sustenance in fruit.  but we did not grasp clubs, as some of those do.  and we know that those tools were what seduced your innocent but beset upon grandfathers into the task of understanding.  our kind were predators, or were prey, or were hybrids of the two.  but we were not infantry.  our weapon was fire.  if no one has a weapon other than itself, then any weapon, no matter how small its effect at first, will inevitably lead to either the ultimate weapon, or to ultimate extinction.  war existed long before schools did.

we were raptors, with towards-facing eyes, and we hunted gatherers of fruit.  and we learned to feed herds of meat the thing they sought.  only rarely were fences a meaningful thing to us; everywhere our herds went, we would go.  our males, the weaker sex, ultimately became shepherds.  our women - our queens - protected our creches.# we were arborists but not breakers of earth. it is not known where slythes made the final connection - where armies first were trained, albeit small ones; where fire's offerings of outed prey led to sometehing more.  where fire confided in us its more powerful abilities - the shaping of metal, the driving of heat engines#; the illumination of caves.  but we were blacksmiths always, and not ever simple stick-wielders.  We had better use for even small sticks than stabbing eachother with shivs.

it isn't quite clear in what order we ascended.  our scientists flooded the Old caves, for whatever opaque end they calculated.  perhaps to let you mature, and find them.  i think it will be clear where.  but our weaker sex at some point were fitted with harnesses, and muzzles, and copper#-tipped claws (iron? steel? bronze?)

the fossils you find, mostly, had none of these.  tools often spread faster than wildfires, but our ancestors evolved in tight spaces.  fire's sharp reprimands were quickly followed by forgiveness.  it kept our forests healthy, but likely did not show us that most impressive of gemstones, the crystal of iron. us men were trained to collect clay and firewood, and any rocks that glittered, and the denizens of the forest floor and canopy were to be brought home so that they could be cooked properly, us little able to understand why our queens sought the first two. when we over-fished the jungles, our queens collected our kit and abandoned us, pregnant, to places less-catastrophically gorged upon.  at that point the record was lost to you.  it is only the word of the queens that tells me all of this, but i believe it to be true.

Trees seeking to employ gatherers as knights errant made boomtowns that died without leaving ghosts in their wake.  Waves of mice swarmed like locusts, (sacred locusts?) ended progress, in places, quite abruptly.  We, (or at least our queens), squeezed ourselves into tight places, over and over the victim of our success, until a new paradigm was awoken to.  As I have said, it is not even known by our queens where this took place.  But somewhere, I believe, under the forest floor they perfected their art; the art that evolved convergently to your own wielding of metal.  We were no longer interested in our companions natural ability to flush out prey for us lazily to consume.  we hadn't nets; our hands were not so dextrous.  for aeons, we noticed not the power of twine.  We noticed not the spring of traps - the flexibility of ever-abundant wood.  the forge was found first.



trees without pollinators died

in a cenote somewhere

is not clear which

castaways hybridized