Okay, so I'm a dumbass where I come from so not a lot of this is true for certain but here goes

There's this thing called the 'house of cards' that we learned about last year in school, and our schools are pretty much like yours give or take.

It's a legwork, and if you don't know what that is it is a special word.  Some people say legword.  But it is because it is sort of a stretch to use it as that meaning, so it takes alot of leg work so get it there.  Or it is a legacy word.  Like "planetary nebulae" - which are actually not even planets. 

But the house of cards looks like from a projection angle like those triangle-stack things where you just take ordinary playing cards and you make a building from them.

Really it's not cards; it is really thin rope, which to scale is even thinner if you consider the whole thing as one.  At the bottom they call it the 'helium lattice', which I've gone to see in fifth grade.  It is all just connected by wire, and if you stay a long time and look at it, it ripples a little.  Some of my friends and me thought we saw it move some.

There is this old crazy idea that persisted long after things like where somebody launched someone to the moon in a giant bolt with a giant cannon (it was actually a *bombard*).  Much bigger than the bolts in sidearms.  Like, a lot bigger, but the same shape sortof.  It looked kinda like Bob-Ombs.  So they thought if they could just find the right material, which they would of course have to make one, then you could pull stuff up to space with a big winch thing pretty far out into space.  They called it a "space elevator".

Now, that's pretty dumb, but they didn't even think of the house of cards.  And you are like them, so here goes.  The space elevator couldn't ever even work, because (that is supposed to be "becuz" but the spellchecker is being dumb.  but that is the closest I can find.  It might be it)  So what you do is you make a balloon that never leaks at all but is still light.  They still leak but you do these really lightweight pumps.  Anyway, you put them every # ten feet or so in hexagons or smaller triangles.  Each balloon is tied off to the other balloons in all directions.  Then you attach more all around those.  They are all just enough to be boy ant, and then some.  They are real big balloons, and at the helium lattice you can go climb up the wires (the balloon strings) and stand on one for most people.

The jet stream and lightning are probs, but you just keep going.  (This is how we boosted all of our economies way back in the day)  You put lightning rods on the wires.  The whole thing really billowes and sways if you can see way up.  But you go until the are gets really thin, and then you push them up with targetting lasers.

So once you figure this out, it is real easy to push spheres up to pretty much the top, and then they are like stored Potential Energies.  They are a pretty big deal, so you rack up a bunch of them.  It really isn't that you want to push them to the top; it is that you can use them to hoist up things you want at the top.  You trade them down for Potential Energies.  Let me go back, I spelled that wrong.   Okay its a "t" of course.  I'm really just writing this down and it isn't my attempt at my best writing.  (I placed in my science fair last year, which was just really reading/writing if you ask me.)

We put a whole bunch of energy up there, and we've already maxxed out all the space on natural slopes like mountains.  Clicklifters are the best way to store energy because they take ions to degrade unless you use them.

There were these things called "The Pit" which I remember when I was young.  (I had a bunch of the toys, and I had all the expensive ones)  At first they are separate, although one was much bigger.  The big yellow trucks didn't need drivers on their own, so we could just let them do their work, but check in every now and again.  They were scraping the earth because they were looking for traces of human settlement, and they were trying to get rid of ours.  They really wanted the resources they were getting from them, but when they were done they were going to put the top layer back, which they saved from the get go.  The big tiles can't be seen because the edges of them zigzag like Drunkards walks.  They take them all down to a certain layer and then they kindof "sew" them back on, being real careful about certain fossil's remnants.

The resources were first used to multiply the trucks and the bucket-beasts, but the whole time you could move spheres up to the top of  the atmosphere pretty much, to store energies.

Now, at the top, you could have a big long runway set up, and use all of the power to  get just one lift sphere going really fast, and launch it into space with a laser driver.  It was considered a better way to store Energies because it was dumb, instead of smart.  Sometimes simple things are better, and you wouldn't want the computers to rise up against you, so we tried to make things simpler.  It wasn't enough though.  But there was a big train of life spheres that sort of fanned out a little but met in two places around the Earth.

When we wanted something, usually we had some that we kept up there, and we could order it down to ourselves with the infrastructure - the infrastructure was basically just the good part of ai and robots.

So here, you have a lot of places to store energy, and that is what you should be working on mostly right now, even though usually you don't want to keep much up there *because* you have to be building more things right now.  It's better to have energy for getting into space, so it is better to keep it up there, only don't yet.  Your pumped water storage is what you should look at first.  People tried all kinds of things, like just pressurized gas or super fly weals.  But you have to get into space hurriedly, and right now.

I'm glad you're really starting to believe me now, I was all out of hope for you.  There is a bunch more I know but for now just work on that.  I like the house and my assistants are very smart and I'm showing them things that I remember well enough.  I think you should keep trying to write the book I asked for, even if we just due it one chapter at a time.  The last one was really pretty good considering, but there were just allot of places where it clearly wasn't very right.  Try to draw more colorful pictures in the picture part, too, though, cause you can do a lot better than last time.  The colors were really bright, that's for sure.