At that scale, it was they who were king.  I don't think I should recommend trying to picture it; that, I would guess, would not be worth the time.  But the way you look at your computer devices is different to how they looked at theirs.  You see these quintillions of "floating point operations", and it all looks insurmountable, and you're right.  But your world's arrangement is special.

Even so, you have history that hints at this - your word itself, 'computer', didn't always refer to what you call machinery.  First it was females of your race that performed mechanical figuring.  They did the math, and stored results on punch cards to a chosen degree of accuracy.  So perhaps bear that in mind, and I'll rush through a short explanation.

Earlier the book should have read something about extended selves - perhaps in your case, a surgeon performing operations remotely, a hinged arm with servos - do you remember something like this?  His "self", as you express things, is a "technologically extended self".  He has an arm that you would speak of as being "very far away", as well as a suite of "technologically extended senses" for feedback. So when you picture this thing you call "self", where indeed is it?  Is it in that "body"?  Is it also in the "robot arm"?  Is it in the "robot's" heat camera?  In the fractal interferometer cams?  Is it even further?  Does his self exist partially in the anomolous domain groupings threatening to give rise to bone fracture if he fails to reforge/weld/solder the bone?  Is it in the sonic signatures that allow vibration diagnostics of the skeletal tissue?  I've maybe gone to far with that; many cultures don't truly explore stressmapping until very near the end.  If yours hasn't, feel free to use a small gift, complements of the house.

But my point is still this: where do you think your body ends?  Where does the world begin?  Or, even, where do other people begin?  Does your body end where theirs begins?  Or even more perplexing - do the two overlap?

In a land I visited not during, nor before, and neither after my travels, the fastest way to compute mindless, or at least mind-numbing, arithmetic was to do it by hand.  The things I believe you would mostly describe as being "people" were the fastest at that game.  And obviously it is much more complex than that, or you would have learned it long enough ago that you would consider it as simply being common sense.

Size can mean so much, in certain regimes.  I fear I should stop to ponder something before continuing down some night-killing dead end.

