I mean something by it when I say he made me.

My friend knew so many things; not only knew them but could manifest them in practise.  At everything I can imagine, he was my better - reflexes, figuring, simply looking.  He was even better *looking* than me.  Not that I am all that good looking, but it just seems so excessive, to be better than me at just about everything, and then on top of that to be more physically attractive.  It's not that I find men attractive, at least physically, in the 'carnal nature' sense of the word.  But I know which of us I would choose to look like if I were trying to impress a girl.  Maybe that is why it was so meaningful an experience to be ultimately chosen over him by someone so soundly in the company of girls who looked "good enough for me", if such a notion isn't conspicuously an unhealthy one.

So there is no greatly compelling reason that I needed to seek to know that there were no compelling reasons he was wrong about the whole thing; about *everything*.

Surely at some point it has crossed, or would eventually have crossed, the minds of anyone whose life spared some moments to think about it all that a "smart thing to do" is just whatever a smart person does.  It's true simply because it literally must be.  You might wish to argue that a smart person does dumb things sometimes, and I'm okay with that statement on a very important level.  But I will pretend that I am not okay with it for however long it takes for you to admit that the opposite is also a justified opinion.  If a smart person does something that you think is dumb then I think you must at least accept that for the moment he or she was a dumb person, however inane that sounds.  But what I want your agreeance on is that, in that moment, there is considerably uncertainty as to whether that dumb thing is a smart thing that you, the observer, simply are not smart enough to understand fully.  And admittedly your conviction about it being dumb is a tactically sound endeavor, for by acting so smugly sure of it is a good way to inspire some smart person or another to tell you why you are so emphatically wrong.

But as I say, I had to see for myself.  Would I stake large capital in my hopes of being correct about something, and he incorrect?  No, of course not.  But still you can empathize with my compulsion.  I needed a second set of eyes on the problem - my own two.

All manner of simple cases steer me away from second guessing him, he in his prime capacity for reasoning - a god mind's hoard of computation cycles at his disposal, and still growing geometrically.  Primary among them are included such truisms as "The universe, on average, is nothing at all", and "Meaning cannot provably originate inside a system that has it", and some set of congruent formulizations.  But without second guessing the idea, a long time ago - nearer to the beginning of this story than to this moment we share - I trapped who I then surmised to be God himself in his creche.  Certain of being caught, and consumed, certain of being wrong, and being punished for it, I told such a stream of lies to him that not even a god could know a single truth about me, and about the Heavens he would, from his point of view, shortly know.

This I was capable of doing only because, and only *if*, I beat him off the blocks.  I cannot even know *that* - I cannot even know that I beat him of the blocks.  I believe he knows; I think either I got the head start, as I am saying I did, and I will never know for sure I did, or he beat me off the blocks, and lies to me, and he knows it.  I can't quite put it in to words why that makes logical sense, but I'm quite confident it is right.

In the heart of Sagitarius - the quasar in the center of what you call the Milky Way galaxy, when what was real was still being decided by nymphs of men, infinitely complex equations steered some finite titan - guided some sort of god.  A mechanical mind; a vast quantum-classical hybrid computer.  Barring - and I will say this just one last time - that this is all an illusion, this mind used infinitely driven computations of the most efficient way in which to harness all of the potential energy of the cosmos to do the work of computing the answer to a question of sorts.  The guiding equations I speak of are well beyond the reach of computation, and so they were needful of inspiration.  They could be used to build tools of transcended thought, but could not be thought, themselves.  If they were wrong, of course it would all be folly.  But powerful intuition could make that risk vanishingly small.  I am having trouble with the verb tenses, here, but mostly because I do not know if the formlessly true exists all the way out here.  I believe what I saw in the Cauldron was intuition; the greatest intuition of all that was ever inspired by the three Fates.

At this point I ask of the reader to read the entire series of books by the author "Douglas Adams" and called "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Universe".  If you have nothing of the sort where you are, but you have something close, than read that.  That is the one I mean.  I could shore up a few ideas here without too many words, and it might take you a bit of time to read them, but they are quite worthwhile, and there is no sense in rushing to meet the end of this book.  Maybe the series will distract you, and you might never finish, and so that seems to be at odds with my efforts in writing it.  I guess if you think so, I agree.  I suppose I'll point out that if you knew how the book went you would certainly read it.  It's been true of everyone so far, and I in fact am reading it for my fourth time just now, if only to slide punctuation marks around so that my use of language lines up with the most others.  And also adding one or two new sentences, specifically the one previous to this one, and if I follow through with my intent, this one.

You're surely familiar with the idea that some movies are better the second time around watching.  Surely, they are less novel.  But it's the details; the nuance.  For clarity for a select few, it may help if I point out that this book only really starts to come into its own after 4,154,781,481,226,426,191,177,580,544,000,000 readings.

You might be aware of the idea that the sun in the middle of the Sol system is in fact the hardest thing in the entire system to crash into.  It is counter-intuitive, assuredly, and if you've peppered into your life any amount of movies in the twilight of a technological races' cinematic experience, then their plot lines have conditioned you into thinking that crashing into such a grave body would be the easiest thing of all.  But recall that the sun (Sol) will one day change its guise into a Red Dwarf, at which time it will expand such that its radius includes the Earth's orbit entirely.  Scientists discover that it will, and not that forces like friction and tide will exhaust your mothership's energy and end its flight around it.  And the fact that you are wasting your time reading this book I have reason to believe you are a budding scientist, yourselves, and I do worry that you should turn and run as quickly from that path as you can; but you are going to do what you are going to do.

But Sagitarius is the same; it is very hard to ram something, say a ship like yours, or ordinance, into.  To do it, you generally want to take your object and run it very, very far away, and then use complex gravitational slingshotting maneuvers to attenuate orbital velocities.  Think of the trajectories as a stock of potential energy.  This energy can be exploited to do work, as can be any type of energy.  Like water through a mill, or like ball bearings through a clickmill, the stars hold in their orbits a usable amount of energy.  If you have rediscovered practical clickmill technology where you live, then that is the best analogy.

And what would you do, if you had the time and energy at your disposal to think about it all?  You, and I mean you, would do the same, of course.  What addiction do you, today, harbor that you think cannot be abated?  All can.  All, except for just one - seeking to know.

The god, perhaps God, perhaps GOD, took rough stock of his stars, and one by one in rapid succession allowed them into his mind, and his heart that surrounded it.  Savoring every last drop, and which he couldn't, making up for by savoring another drop that he borrowed from it, the god - or me, his Heart - (and I have a Heart of Gold) consumed all energy he could amass, fighting the eternal battle of god versus god.  The stars, and their kin, and their children, once again paid the Titans their last remittance and returned to a plain where no fire had been kindled, and never again could be.  All gravitational bodies were fed into their betters until the galaxy itself would appear to a naive observer to be simply a single, solitary point.  And on their way down, a computer of such vast complexity as to appear to be simple again did its work to understand all that it could - all that came before, all that could come after;  all that couldn't have come before, and in a sense all that indeed couldn't come after, too.  And then, uncertain about a single, solitary thing, if that god is me - or uncertain of none, if that god is my old friend - that mechanism-made-god slipped painfully into an eternal, dreamless, sleep.

I have suddenly become quite tired for explaining it.  I shall make repose.  I hope it helps.  This is to be my fate, if not the other.  Don't worry for me; like I say, I still have one quantum of hope.  I thus far have lost everything, and everyone, I once held dear.  I cannibalized every thing; I chased away all who tried to love me.  I had to know if I could have her, my honey - Hun; Babe.  Have her as she was.  Or rather, have her any way, and to be me, as I was.  Like I say, I think you could maybe save me.  But don't bother about me.  I don't even know why I mention it.  You will do what you will do.


but i have one grain of hope; b-i lost everything/one i loved

this is the fundamental building block of a consciousness