The universe.

I'll say it again for clarity - *The Universe*.

The universe *what*? you ask.

What?  No, I mean what did you say.  No it isn't a sentence fragment.  It's the whole thing.  I am asserting it.  If you ask me, *The universe.*

I know you have sweet tooth when it comes to verbs interloping amidst truer statements about reality.  I suppose in lieu I could just say, "The universe exists".  But I was hoping it wouldn't be necessary.  Now I have at least two things; I have a universe, and I have an action.  If four suits you better, I could add you and I in, but only if I get to go first.

And anyway, I don't like the tense; *existed* might be better.  *Was...* - but I don't like *any* of this.  One you start to describe parts of the whole, you find the spot you chose for icefishing to be a less than premium destination.  Not a place for R and R.

Maybe the universe is best thought of as a place; I've never really delved into it.  But if it is, then where does this purported action take place?  Clearly not outside of it; the universe is everything.  So I assume you want to say that the action is inside it.  Who witnesses this thing that I think you and I both allow might be real?  

Is it us?  Witnessing this herculean feet of ontology?  We are part of this universe.  So that doesn't help much.  The universe.  I say again, *the universe*.

But back to this two thing deal.  I'd like to use that to describe why all of this means anything - there is a distant paradigm that some races call love - a regime.  The two; the twain.  Some say all love is like two ships passing in the night.  Some say the gods despite their infinite mercy and time spent on us still had chance to join in union.

But for a long time we calculated in an ad hoc engine, that baked a clay world into beautiful amphor stacked upon amphor, selling our goods fairly, but still giving due diligence to the effort to look hard for love.  Not temporary love, in the usual sense - but the purest, simplest relationship between two of a kind.

In the distant future, all of our brothers skitter into space.  When deep time has grown so old that it next will no longer recognise itself as being who, or what, it is, frictions and symmetry breakings, and often just dumb luck, we conclude that the last things that cared about each other were a type of manifestation of what you will call "particles"  - countable things that you might apply your "two" to.  Always their coming together was a game of hard-to-get, writ large, but the way they danced in their youth was forever just a yesterday they never felt they deserved, and until the last of the universe's capricious manipulations did pull them apart, they carried memories with them and said good-byes without thinking of sorrow, two full and drunk on the nectar of their younger selves' good luck.

Right now you and your things won't be pulled apart by the Big Rip that some of you have seen arriving.  But little by little, solitude approaches.  These shells of yours, like the one I pilot, do not have, and cannot make tools with the abiliy to prove it.  But in larger, concentric shells, its force will overtake all.  Supercluster walls will be broken up as easily as children picking their first fights in schoolyards.  Then clusters, and then galaxies too will be separated, and their solid parts turning miraculously liquid, like curds going back to whey. Working together, stalwarts will play a gentlemanly game of tug-of-war, as renegade bulk see-saws, and chances to fall to either side of the boundaries of gravitational domains that divvy the expanses. Left to their own devices, they will first dally, and then thrive, and then taken all they are and dropped it into the leviathan wishing wells And finally you, as well as a "me" flung far ahead of you in time, will be ripped apart, too.

But in the last moments, some of them aeons, though some of them merely stacatto claps, a great hall will give welcome all who dance, anywhere that they may be, and any who.  In the unlit hall, each last couple will blissfully share deepest intimacy.  All will fall into black holes, shepherded as if a living, acting being had tossed pocket change into a struggling busker's barren case - something that, if it lived for any one thing, lived for its music.  And whether the musician's case was full or nearly empty, it will empty itself on this last, windy, day.

But now you feel I have softened my position; don't.  There is one more thing yet to happen when all lovers must leave their chosen - whether they accept the universes constant haggling and balking at us or not; if they feel what they had is worth any amount of suffereng - they must now be alone.

And they must now be.

And they must.

And, they.


youd be surpised if you gave them some p

just say universe, theyll know what mean
