Certainly by now most of us have had plenty of chances to learn of the idea known as *Pascal's Wager*.  And certainly most of us have found it worth nothing more than the going value of a monosyllabic chuckle.  But I'll wager that you haven't yet heard of "Pascal's Sure Thing".  I'll stake that bet on the knowledge that I am just now telling everyone about it.

Pascal's Wager, if you'll forgive my pedentry, says that because going to Heaven when you die is a reward of infinite value, and devoting your life and mind to Christianity ensures we merit that reward, then all people must surely become Christians, because life doesn't last forever.  Clearly the idea has analogues in any religion that is skilled in the art of making promises, but Pascal himself was Christian, or claimed to be.

Pascal's Sure Thing, though perhaps a less dramatic gushing, is not a joke (And I won't waste time speculating if Pascal was just kidding around, here).  The PST says this: because being a good guy is infinitely rewarding, you might as well do it, even if a terrifying god might smite you in his envy of what you have, and he can never have.

I'll say this one thing about creator gods in the various traditions of storytelling in the eclectic cultures of this world - creator gods are terrifying.  If there is some sort of entity that can change anything and everything in our world to suit his liking, and the neighbor kid is unlikely to win his battle against terminal cancer, then that entity is a *scary* fucker.  Fuck! Jesus Soapmaking Christ!  Can you imagine?  Every day since you were eight being some sort of generous gift that is due to be taken away if you don't stop your playing and do your fucking chores.  Bezaint!  Hallelujah, your Honor; thanks for caring.  Nice, uh, not talking to ya.  Shall I kiss someone's ring, and who?  Or I mean "Yah", not "ya".  Sorry.  Sir!  Sir sorry sir!  Sir, the Cadet feels guilty, and asks that you forgive him for not addressing Him properly.

I'm going to hell.  So anyway there's an old story that goes a traveller comes upon a small village in times when food was scarce, and claims to be a conjurer.  He says his magic can help them, and he wants to borrow a cauldron, but nobody wants to offer theirs, because something smells fishy.  But after all agree to staying put and watching eachother, one villager goes off into the woods to get his, which he has hidden there so that nobody can steal it to trade for food, and rolls it back.  This takes the better part of the day, as he must double back multiple times to avoid leaving a path to his stash.  The conjurer has started a fire, and when the cauldron is hung he places a stone in it.  He fiddles with the fire as a bunch of kids retrieve water.

The cook opens up a little about he being a very talented conjurer, and say that the stone is called a "Soupstone".  He puts a bayleaf into the cauldron after he feels there is enough liquid for the meal and some leftovers, explaining that it should be removed before they eat.  He produces a large spoon from his vestments and starts stirring the water with impressive technique.

"Does anyone have an onion?" he asks without looking up.  Nobody answers, and he looks around to find someone who does.  "Trust me, it is better to use them here; the recipe produces ten times more food.  You'll probably eat your sets before time comes to plant them."

"It's not a set; it's big," the villager said, and after being asked why he wouldn't part with it, he explains that there is a bunny or two on his property that he thinks he can snare, and he hated eating them with no seasoning.

"Fine," the traveller says.  "No soup for you, though, if you are able to contribute but won't," he sas, mumbling something about being left standing there with an onion.

After some more stirring, steam begins to rise and disappear into the updraft above the pot.  Being struck with a thought, the cook said, "There are rabbits in these fields?  Does anyone have one today?  I bet this recipe would totally work with rabbit.  I've only ever had it with fish"  He looks around at their silent faces, and adds "Onion guy's share to anyone with a brace."  After a short conversation two villagers said they had two between them, of different sizes, to which the cook replied, "Well, you two can work it out how to divvy up the extra share."  He paused.  "We should hurry; it's hard to see to cook after the sun goes down."  One of the more rugged looking villagers interjected that he could skin a hare in the time it takes to untie the snare.  The cook declared that they could do thirds, if they all agreed.

"Did you say fish would help?" said one villager hopefully. "Well, I don't think the stone could magically multiply both rabbit *and* fish at the same time.  But as a conjurer I know a way to use the fish," the traveller says.  The fisherman goes and retrieves an old fish.  The cook makes a face about the quality.  "If you had some pepper you would add it if you used a fish that old," he remarks, with some indifference.

"Oh, well I do..." says the fisherman, apparently thinking.  "Have peppercorns.  But they are to pack venison in, if I manage to take one when I am far from here."  The cook looks surprised that the man is both a fisherman *and* hunter.  The other villagers all smile and chatter about how hard a worker the man is, and how skilled he is at tanning to which he smiles broadly.

The cook says,"the day sure is fading.  Do you have any skins?", and haggles an extra share of broth for one, further negotiating a nice pocketed coat, pointing out that the fish really does smell quite bad.  "How did you fashion the pockets?" he asked, learning also that the man with three jobs had been trying for years to learn how to make textiles.  When the man comes back he brings a sample of his textiles, and a mortar and pestle half full of peppercors, carried inside a small pot with a handle and a lid, and also a plank of wood to cover the cauldron, the cook being even more interested in the patch of fabric when the fisherman says his weaving work was still quite crude.  The fisherman (and hunter; a skinner, and tanner; and tailor, and weaver) returns, he is immediately put to work grinding the pepper in the mortar.  When asked, the cook responds that only half of his peppercorns are needed, and a deal is struck that the man could have all the leftovers the next day if the cook is allowed to fill the pocket on his coat with the rest.

The cook comissions a few villagers' help, using the coarse swath of fabric and the small pot to strain out the solids in the soup, looking for the bayleaf.  As they work, the cook gingerly takes bits of rabbit from the sieve and blows on them to cool them, tasting his handiwork.  The pepper is added, and upon them finally managing to scoop up and strain out the bay, the stone appears in the strainer.  Some of their hands are mildly burned in the effort, but they hardly cared, for the soup smelled delicious.  They had hoped for more soup to be there, and ask if it was still growing, but the cook says that it is extremely nutritious.

The villagers give him a funny look when he knocks the stone out of the sieve and into the fire.  He tells them that it is no harm.  Upon direction the sieve and the bulk of the solids in the soup are placed back into the smaller pot, and covered with a lid.  "We will get it tomorrow when the fire cools."  They scatter the fire under the cauldron and put most of it out, building a smaller one nearby out of the part of wood not worth saving.  He distributes a few pieces of meat to those who got the worst scaldings while holding the sieve, and they nod enthusiastically when he asks them if it is not amazing.  "Enough for now; we shouldn't waste it on eating.  I'll use this to make more soup tomorrow."  He arranges his skins for a short nap, explaining that they would just have to sip it from the cauldron, because the small pot was needed for the solids.

The villagers take turns sporadically touching the lip of the hot metal, their excitement obvious, but they are patient enough that the man wakes before anyone has managed to get more than a sip.  He wakes and fiddles with his belongings in the now dark night, and declares that they are all wonderful and generous people, and that a conjurer like him would gladly trade any number of magical artifacts to have friends like them, and then goes further to tell them that he is going to leave the stone with them, as he has no use of large pots of soup, and besides, he is tired of carrying it.  Their tired faces light up, as indeed these were trying times, when they often went hungry for days, or traded away things they held dear.  They clamour about who would keep the stone, and if they understand how to make it work as well as the conjurer.  "No, it is as simple as that; just repeat the steps.  It works twice as well if you can find salt."

He is surprised when a villager says he had salt, and maybe even a bit irritated, but the villager explains his house is way out in the woods, further along the road the cook has arrived from.  And then the cook picks up the small pot of soup starter, exclaims "Mmnmnm, salt!", and runs off down the road holding the lid on tightly.

Hunger can sharpen the mind for only so long, and the villagers are a little slow to realize that a man far from home is even further from a friend, and a considerable moment is spent with them worrying about who will hold on the magical stone once it cools, and then even more time is used bickering about how many shares the man had allotted each of them, and who will drink from the communal cauldron first, and how to measure it.  But no thought is given to chasing the man.  They are simply too hungry.  It is an old story, as I say, but it is also happening today.


--
The cook and says, "In fact, I am going to give you this one.  There are others just like it.  

The man asks if any of them wishes to pray before the meal, while they wait for the 

bone needle sounds like a lot of work

you saw me cook; you can use stone
you are all wonderful people
"Oh, ground up, or peppercorns?" said the cook with interest.

all say he is hard worker and he smiles

does anyone have a to go bag
we cant see well enough to divvy
yes i have three jobs

you can have my portion of the broth
go most of the pepper
i will use it to make soup tomorrow

trade small pot

certainly a lot of food (broth) can i have some broth?