All in all, the apocalypse was a much more democratic event than people in general had expected.  By that I don't mean to imply that anyone expected it.  I mean, you could ask a lot of people if they had, and they would tell you sure, they had pretty much seen it coming.  And you could ask a lot of people before if they thought we were headed off the cliff, and they would brightly nod.  But nobody really expected it.  I'm sure you have the same thing there, more or less.

But I could point to some anomalies; a lot of schizophrenics had a hardy sense of impending doom - not a majority of them, mind you, but a good number.  And amongst that minority there were some that had a pretty solid picture of some of the developments that were to crop up in their daily lives, in those, the first of hardest days.

Causality is one of more slippery ideas that people still attempt to hold on to.  I reckon if you took a big bag of abstract ideas on how the world works and shook them up, you would tend to find it on the bottom under everything else, and if that makes me sound like I am saying it underpins everything - that it is a foundation of some sorts - then I should mention that the bag is quite a bit longer than your arms look to me.

I want to apologize for the strange way in which I've been sending these first communications, and reiterate that I hope we can continue in this fashion until I get myself better set up.  But back on point - we have this idea where I grew/grow up, about crazy people having special powers.  You know, cool powers - but weird ones; generally weird ones.  Like one type of mental illness would give you one power or another, and some other class of mental illnesses would do something else, and who would do better in a fight and all of this.  Just stuff boys say.  You'd see it in the movies sometimes, in one form or another.  And the thing here is that it isn't entirely untrue, and actually it is really interesting, but the schizophrenics, which this has me thinking about - there is something to them, some of them.  But still; I...  So, some of the schizophrenics on my planet - and there are several types of schizophrenic, and really we don't use that word here - anymore, anyway... but that is what you will use... *Broken* mind...  

So, it's a big planet, and there are quite a few of these people - they seem paranoid, and they forget things; they lose track of the conversation (not like me, like, they *really* really lose track); some of them would have been dreaming about the events of the apocalypse in the weeks and months, or even years leading up to it.  In the sense that the pictures in their dreams evoked the same sort of memories - that caused the same emotions.  Not seeing the future as in reading a license plate on a car, or the numbers on the Ball0ttery on a TV in some store window, on a store they went behind to take a piss on the wall - not things like that.  But imagine you had a dream where you were running from zombies, and then the next day you totally were running from zombies - would you say that you saw the future?  Maybe in the dream you were running from zombies, and it was upsetting and you cried, but in real life the zombies were *fast* zombies.  Is that still portending the future?  Or perhaps, on top of that, you were crying because they had caught up and were now eating your leg, but in the dream you cried because one of the zombies was an old friend you hadn't seen for awhile, and he immediately turned into your brother, or your math teacher, but it was still enough to make you cry, because it brought back so many memories of the fun you used to have as kids.  Now the whole situation seems to be deviating a bit from the dream.  But the whole situation is so entirely dumbfounding.  It just isn't every day you see most of the world die.  The significance of it all makes it seem worthy of portents.

Well, I must admit I am prone to that kind of magical thinking.  We aren't so different, you and I.  I am thinking that everything is smaller here, but...  It isn't that jumping or walking feels different; all the constants would be scaled I guess.  But I think I am going downstream.  Or *out*-stream I think I am supposed to say... Never mind.  If I can get to my physics books...  But the crazies, here; one particular type - think of them like schizophrenics, unless you actually know psychology - and then I don't know what to tell you - they sort of get a bit of a mixture of dreams and wakefulness.  Scientists say they basically "hear" voices, but maybe not in stereo... this is so awkward; I wish I was a better person to explain all this.  I should start by building on something we both know... Hey, listen, I need a favor - I am piloting a ship, of sorts; not something fancy, I just have to... gotta get something switched over.  Just, don't set the book down - I guess that's not a problem; you see it all at once - don't; if you need to get a beverage, don't use a bookmark.  Bookmarks are a sign of weakness.  Keep your eye on the book, or I think it would probably change.  It might just turn into a normal book, and then things would just go back to normal.  Five minutes.  There is a static squelch on this.I'm back.  Hopefully you didn't just get five minutes of room noise.  I guess I was talking about schizophrenia.

Sometimes you guess things right.  Schizophrenia has something else to do with this all; I guess it has something to do with me.  But I'm confused in talking about them.  I really wasn't expecting the communications to work.  I just mess with the knobs every day as a little ritual.  I am very lonely.  But the word of the day is recognition.  Oh, god, I killed it.  Ugh, okay that went really blue.  Of course.  I was never very good with these.  We all train on these communication... sets.  "Word of the day" means something else here.  It is like a folky, mysticism thing.  Zeitgeist?  Haha you have ghosts.  Do you "believe in ghosts"?

Fuck all that I just said.  If you saw an old friend in a dream, and then you saw him in real life the next day, only grown up and completely different, would you say that you dreamt of him?  If you saw yourself in a dream, only you were missing a leg, would it still be you - a two-legged man?  I have something to tell you.  It is going to be one hell of a challenge.  In ways, I am very, very far from you.  But in ways, I am the perfect thing to relay the missive.

In a way, I'm you.

I'm spiralling in.  Course corrections are easier out here but as I get close I am going to find out if I'm as good a pilot as my buddies used to say.  Oh, god I miss my buddies.  Okay I can't believe this instruction manual and the shit it says sometimes but I am going to stop.  There is some sort of opportunity on the displays.  Apparently I am literally jumping of this page and landing under the chapter heading.  Is this page facing the next chapter?  Does it say "Recognition"?  Or something?  Either way, this is where I break off.  I guess if I miss you I'll just try to catch another spiral.  If so, this is goodbye.  But it should be fine.  Maybe don't forget my name.  Oh yeah, a name - call me Theseus.  Or Theseus the Second, or something.  These, that, those.  Okay this is going to be fun.  Hands to hats!  Oh, maybe don't use a bookmark... Or maybe you will just key brie1111111111111100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000x

the apocalypse is caused by a grass-roots luddite movement that doesn't grasp how small an economic disaster would be required to cause ninety-five percent of the world to die in about 2 weeks.  the narrator is unsure if the reader would expect things like that, or not.  (we could subtlely steer opinion by suggesting if the reader agrees with book worldview, then he maybe is somehow part of the story later)
also, it turns out vacated cities are a whole lot more ready to catch on fire than one might initially think, and the burning plastic makes the atmosphere unsuitable for life in many parts of the world

