they were a powerful people, for their elders were weak.  if you allow a great warrior to spend his time hunting trophy meals, in living worship of honor systems, he will always do it.  until some random happening ends his life, and is considered a good ending, he will hunt.  if a tribe is led by elders who live out their days in the enjoyable demonstration of the art of hunting, they will seem to live in balance with their ecosystems.  when great beasts give warm threat to those who venture out from fortification in seeking a meal or a fur, then the greatest heroes will seek them in their lairs, keeping promising young warriors at home enjoying a stretch of idleness and safety. when the prowling threat is removed by their betters - heroic, hunting, elders - then they can resume their practice and provide boar and hart for their meat and fur. it will seem a natural order of things.  it will seem strong; a robust taming of near Nature. but more catches abound; if such elders are impressed with the idea, they may take their friendly competitors - the more promising of young warriors - out into the fields to hunt dangerous game that has become less than rare, then their honed skills will be well passed on, and it will seem a natural order of things.  it will seem strong; a robust taming of near Nature.  but more catches abound; some skill is too much.  when Nature changes her ratios, a well-warmaking tribe will feast on coney and quail that predators would have eaten, were the predators not removed from near Nature, gleaned and mounted on walls in warriors' great houses.  Snacks easily come by, and idle days, seem simply a reward for cleverness, while none is extant.

the hierarchy of the hunt keeps great warriors and small, and ones in between.  but if vipers are eaten, birds will abound, and fly off with grain. if great cats are taken, cattle will boom.  if smaller cats, then so with rats.  if some suspected cleverness brings men to have hawks come to their arms, more rats still will be gotten. and a tribe that desperately feeds on once bountiful rats, having tamed dogs as ratters, seeing nary another species, is a tribe whose skill useless and dying.

natural orders of things are rarely seen for what they are; men get used to any way of living that has worked in recent past, and think them right.

