The story says, if you choose to believe it, that mankind owes a great deal of gratitude to a burp.  Naturally it was a rather special burp, but a burp is a burp.  One of your popular movies refers to that; in one of the movies, a revered teacher advises that a successful burp must come from deep within.  It is from the universe that contains "Revenge of the Nerds".  There are quite a few sequels, so we know you think it is an important story.  As for us, we don't really  understand why it is so important - although it isn't entirely void of meaningful content, it seems alien to us.  It's no Police Academy, though.

And this is getting further into your past with every day the sun traces its gyrating arc across your sky, but you might consider it a strange thing to be bringing up now, when the topic has been ancient teachers so far removed from your time, and your technical prowess.  But we must always look for wisdom disguising itself as other things, and we must always accept teaching - the student and the teacher alike.

There is a monk named "Hotei", revered as a god - or even something more important; gods can be so slow to divulge their secrets.  Hotei was there in the flesh to see what wisdoms he could convey with crude metal tools, and the tougher bits of animals, and a short list of words that would later bootstrap into your sprawling Babel planet.  Much of what he tried to teach was ill-fated, for he believed in creative exploration of the tools mankind had at hand.

For instance, you see Hotei in statuettes, and give him names like "Laughing Buddha" - because he is depicted as being very fat.  This is not the case, however.  Also, using the term 'Buddha' has caused many to be confused about Siddartha's early excursion into over-eating.  Hotei is not Siddartha.

Some of you might think, "I know the semi-historical figure we call Hotei lived sometime around a thousand years ago; obviously he is not the Buddha."  I suppose that is fine; at least you know they are separate.  But Hotei was not fat.

There was a time when a stone wall could be economically viable as an adjunct to a kingdom's defenses, when walls were harder to scale.  I have seen many Great Walls, and seen them work.  An army might bring up great carts of prebuilt ramps or ladders to lean against a wall, and then go over a few at a time.  Even horses are doable.  An army whose stomachs have in them nothing but air could rather quickly deploy such things, and carts of small siege weapons often are close behind to help them open a door to a kingdom that had judicially stockpiled food and goods, hedging against agricultural calamities.  If the army still marches comfortably, they might tunnel under the wall, in one or more places, either to erupt from the ground somewhere inside of the wall.  Defenders ran the risk of being surrounded on all sides if troops took long to send for - and being smashed against their own wall, disoriented and panicked.  (Good kings anticipate such maneuvers, but generally don't bring them up in polite conversation.)  If the worry be about a rain of bolts from chu-ko-nuh, all the way up to gastrophetes being inflicted, the tunnels were an attractive target.  But barring the use of Greek fire, ramps leaned into a wall might be furnished with a ceiling of their own.  I have seen siege towers with precursor elevators used.  In at least one world I ave been to, I am inclined to believe that cataphracts were lifted up on top of these Great Walls - and then even lowered down the other side!

But I am merely trying a new way of teaching what I want to say in this session.  If you can follow around the inside of your own walls - your impediments to my teachings - I might lead you to a gate that I threw open a millenia ago, and we might meet as equals on a battlefield that has served in its last war, and mother Nature has promptly begun to renovate it as something more useful to a true brotherhood of men.

There are more than one type of Great Walls, and the capital letters can be spared, and the words might change for them from one day to the next - especially when invading forces carry useful, well-crafted languages over them.  And this story is about something more like a column or two of warriors of some stripe, streaming in from breaches, with a feigned assault in between than it is like a stack of stone, brick, and mortar.  If my instruments are correct, you should understand what the one I am thinking about was like; I'm worried that if I say more here, it will only hinder my tongue.  But the important thing is a wall isn't always great due to its height, or its hardness.

chap?
---
Hotei awoke a bit early from his meditation to hear two of his disciples talking about his fat belly.  Immediately he laughed, and they heard him, and froze a little, looking quizically at him.  Seeing that his laugh sounded out of place to them, he explained that he had been visited with the thought of how someone might feel if another someone said something that might be interpreted as being negative about them.  This led to him looking inside himself to check for any traces of inapproprite insecurity in his own self.  And many of you will see why that is a funny thought.

He approached them, smiling, to gently touch them in what always seemed to be quite random spots, to them, but to him being plainly obvious - as visible as glittering ornaments tied to a Yule tree.  The two looked quizzically, now, at eachother, both trying to remember if he had said something in passing, or not.  It was a familiar feeling.  The feeling of a small insight into good posture, mixed with vaguely attached notions of agape love dancing around the change.  This was his way, and in these moments they felt as if they had traversed a dark wood with no lantern, to finally emerge in a clearing, to find what was certainly just a campfire, but to eyes made stronger by long hours of futile, staccato, piercing of deepest black, a bonfire, and they danced with

but even shimmering things lost with them, barely perceptible even to a talented monk and completely invisible to a normal man around the nearly imperceptible

 even their faintest blah like nymphs and satyrs reveling in a bonfire.

loop lassoo (cell wall) isolate 
kungfu line, train w farm implements, hotei escapes by floating away

neh
-
and in your time the competition to be known as a wise person excludes many from doing the work of thinking or figuring.  Hotei, on the other hand, taught from a
