

story begins with B meditating on an empty plain
other students play nearby, and have dialogue
	introduces: B, A, monasteries
B: perhaps you don't feel anything; how would i recognize it? (oh, you'll know)
wakes and does chores passionately.  the world is just right.
C: you are the best student? how could dishwashing be worthwhile?
B: what about being the best student makes it not?
C: go train; we can handle this mess. (they start to, but are distracted by a butterfly)

B discusses concern that astral travel is beyond his abilities, maybe should give up and teach

A: No; you have a vision of where you want to go.  Seek it.  I always tell my students that they'll know their destiny when they feel it

some Cs play a game that A has encouraged vaguely.  they put a faraday/birdcage over B every time he enters meditation.  although he is not looking, they hide behind the bars by moving so fast that they are length-contracted (we should play leapfrog in the shadows)

A: well have you tried just a little trip?
B: you explicitly said not too
A: well, I sure don't know everything

B finds he can blur himself in nearest several feet. (enlightened some)(end chapter)
this is enough to rouse him from meditation.  brats remove cage in hurry, B feels something wrong.


B: Maybe my gift is blurring.  It would have a clear use in battle (although I am not much into battle)
A (looks disturbed): you should go seek. (A cannot attack someone at his own school)

maybe when you get there, holla back

a sapling appears in cage where he was meditating. the cage is removed, but nobody remembers what happens.  a lotus tree is there.

without a final farewall B sneaks off, thinking he will try to contact upon his first meditation, but also worried.  first act of deception.

system of scouting - like fleeing buddha in higher dimensions

two Cs follow B.  (cage hidden in forest, stone soup tie) he notifies them that they may slow his progress, but he can't tell them what to do.  he is able to ignore them though.  B:I don't want any others to track me; be unseen, you two.  But at night they cage him, worried they'll be found out, protecting A, and being unwise

Each night B fails in travel/(travel always only communication!). in the morning the cage is removed and hidden. after departure, in peaceful silence, a lotus tree blooms where B meditated (due to his power, and power being constricted. he has snuck away, so the lotus hides briefly), allowing chase. He heads to shangrila.  (shang is central, so this motif is opposite to sag A.  Play with letters, shangri-la, sag A?)

Tunguska Khan - woman, raises army in all directions surrounding shangrila, tightens like noose (is this the steppe-conquer secret society?)

we are in a never-ending horse race.  a rich man started it put passed it down to ever-less-rich jockeys, who now claim to ride it because the race itself is a work of art that they are honored to be a part of.  (actually just spy-mail network that constricts shang) (:we are not destitute; we get great somewhat controversial drugs)

A prince happens upon B in meditation and convinces B to train him.  B gives up meditation.  Prince has chased away the Cs that day, and seen the cage.  Does not tell master - might be trick/test, a humble person would never think he had something to teach this master.  

B and prince travel silk road and train villagers to use farm implements.  B is amazed at what real world is actually like, and thinks he should have long ago left the monastery to teach, because has so much to teach.

they are trained to fight without them knowing it.  small cave entrance in the mountain looks like home to B.  no time to go deep; trust what is in there - shows his back to it in blind faith.  the noose tightens, and then final battle.

do amazons appear?

(final battle - B fades and ripples as if an illusion)


