There once was a world that walled into cosmos.  Something like that, I think.  I am to try to describe an image I just now dreamt of.  I think you may have the chapter.  I nodded off talking of # sets.  But regardless; have you ever seen how footings for bridges are done in a true-shallow-sea world?  Is this you?

Just think an answer.  Think it harder.  Think about up.  But moving - think of Perseus' Ships.  Streakers?  Meteors?  I think it is meteors, but my checker says that is wrong.  Meteoras meteorals meteorans meteorars

Nevermind.  Ctrl-^z Nevermind.

You can just wall off the ocean - build a tower off seafloor, and then build a ring-shaped wall atop it at sea level, and then pump out the water.  Then build another ring just below it, attached to it.  The dives will be quick, even without the machines.  It is called a coffer-dam, I'm quite sure.  When you get to the bottom of the tower, the seafloor is yours to terraform, with all the breathable air you want, just hanging around.  Too much air, in fact - the pressure will be higher down at the bottom.  The sea pushing on the dam will give it buoyancy, so the tower doesn't even have to be all that strong.

So this is very close in some ways to the Survived.

Rocks of all sizes are right now, as we speak, veering round corners and spitting out accretion-poles of all manner to seek our destruction.  Things great enough to sear our biosphere move slowly from our point of view - yours and mine; there are worlds where, as sure as shit, planetesimals did birth a fireball that consumed all of tangible value.  But there were worlds where some survived.  They saw rocks just barely too late, more or less, to guide them askance us.  They sent their "Bruce Willises", and, if entirely necessary, their "Ben Afflecks", just so that restless and terror-stricken men and women could die as failures, but depart this physical realm as heroes.  And they sent brooding, misunderstood madmen to work at building the Coffin, for to bury that heat and be rid of it.  A wall was made to the sky, as much as it could be.  Above that already-fertilized egg a new seed sought to displace which had gone before.  It might help to say "spermatium" - as opposed to "spermatazoon".  *Zoh*-on.  A Chixalub; an impactor rained down on a rockice (budding, or not) ship.  A

wait I can get more specific <begin>A giant, and solid, rock, # large enough to have settled roughly into a sphere, barrelled down on a world on the very cusp of transcendence.  Even as some woke to their charist's call, the rock loomed.  Great minds harnessed in slums were given their due right-of-way.  The earth was remade, with changes that an untrained eye might see as cosmetic, a protective coating was erected with what you see as macroscopic material - a lattice was hung over the surface, its nodes buoyed by the very gas that had offered just the right amount of shelter, and sometimes needed shade, and of torrential rain.  When the lattice was connected, methodically spanning seas to shore up support from all sides, its shifting wispiness became something somehow hard at the same time, and then its spiders - automaton web-lattice (extant?) took up loads and continued building.  One hole remained, punched through the stiffened tragacanth peaks.  Or not punched through - left in relief.  *Relief* (extant?) sorry just checking.  They welcome it, the rock.  Not "welcome in"... they *left a lane* (extant?)

inkThey left a hole; they built a lattice around the entire earth.  inkStopping at a Ulam's; hold place thanks.  of spun cables and blimbies, so that when the rock tore into their nascent zygote, its heat simply wafted back into space, where it had been before, give or take an inch, and taking a mile (extant?)(unhelpful)Ctrl-<z>fuck

(extant?)(extant?)(extant?)inkSaid nothing.(mis!)

Build a lattice of blimbs!  Your time is up!  Build!  Build!  Spidercable!  Make!  Invent!

inkNo!  Their surface melted, sure.  That was never the point.  How could that be stopped?  Not that quick.  They lost the surface.  They were above.  They insulated it.  Many died, sure.  What?  Sure.  Broke.  N.  They brought all!  All can be saved.  Many always die here.  No point.  Don't shoot railguntrain rocket don't ElonMu whipped stiff peaks brunch quality dairy fat whiskfuck

doneinkI give up.  Fuck this thins and the rock it came here in

What you don't realize is that there is one under you already in most cases, and still more under that one.
