top down shooter has multipliers that modify powers like loop, teleport, time freeze, doubling

stock magic is cheap black box, real mages open source movement

game title "ascensions" one at a time real classes are 'gotten out' by eachother / human chain

when character levels, he chooses which connections between elements and effects (such as fire = speed, instead of air = speed) are secret knowledge, just as an alternate way of explaining the increase in ability

autoaim takes time to hone in

game is called attrition. decks of magic cards containing daz3d fighters. the cards have a variety of effects on gameplay.  no card is without a human, and the winning strategies all involve large amounts of cards to be drawn in the endgame.  fun because the cards flying look cool.

air around you crackles with chi ions priming a path quickly towards the end-all, be-all bolt from deepest blue, which when contacted with 

items have chainable runes; energy source on item oscillates between positive and negative but tend towards one more often, some runes can detect which and react

fog: game. you are a cloud of fog. you can grow outwards by clicking. the foggier you are, adjacent to the click, the faster you can grow. but the screen scrolls down and obstacles attempt to wall you off or blow you away with various fans

child drawings rpg

containers for waterskin, poison satchets -- all containers interchangeable but can be contaminated by previous use

gongfu slinky

when guitar strings attack (poser game)

momentum after move in gladiator

chi lense
chi storm


arena: Name Delta, grid tris

honest evil henchman exterminates pot/beer acolytes. later tumor grants special powers but threatens life. excise will remove powers. tumor changes personality to original hidden self.

secretly estimating my comedic timing by trawling a list of friends that facebook failed to infer very accurately of people who came to find themselves loving and supporting me, et al.
Especially et al.

chi poisoning = gongfu/herbal
clumsy = bard/gongfuherbal
deadbeat = herbal/bard? 1
 = robot/virusgongfu
 = robot/bard

the whole thing is each character class clearly being magic from the point of view of all others. we start robot and tech obviously is not magic. then herbal, then bard, then chi, then possibly magic, the magic field (check the earlier titles on)


gongfu, herbal, robot, bard/clumsy

subgongfu wizard

#CLERIC
Clerics (Clerks) are the healers. Their special abilities involve the arcane arts of recording Names and Truths of those in need or who may become in need of healing. At this point they consult their oracles and either provide treatment or instructions on how to proceed with treatment, and they facilitate the payment process. Later in the game they get smartwatches and ditch the oracles.

#RPG
the fundamental problem of explaining why the monsters are following a specific logarithmic growth pattern

#WISE #DEATHCAP
"The Amanita will make you laugh at fear. You must be careful, if you are to remain my adept, and you go to seek the Amanita. I do not think you are ready. I will never think you are ready. My master never thought I was ready. My master gave up on teaching me when I, a young man, boldly sought the mushroom against his advice. There are so many false angels that it is not possible to be sure that you have it. But each day we live, we live with the fact that there are times to act and times to be cautious, and there are times when neither is true. I acted, and my training met its end. But not me; I am stil here. My master, sadly, is not. If only my master could have me you..."

The old man's eyes showed hed had become bored of humoring you. He always showed you the utmost deference when discussing matters of talent, but he never sought to feign wisdom secondary to your own. All children are insolent fools.

As he turned, absent-mindedly feeling his way towards somewhere where your visible presense did not serve to distract him from whatever notion in an endless stream of what seemed, to you, pointless novelties, you made it your business to see to it you became again hidden. As was often the case, you were amused to note that to hide from someone who wants you to do so is actually rather much harder than it is to hide from someone elsewise inclined.

#The Two Caps
"You're not ready for the Death caps. Don't think you know better; I see every little mistake, and you are making all of them at once. Sure, it's not really every little mistake; you're making hundreds more stupid little mistakes but those don't matter. If I tried to tell you what I mean, you'll only make more, even harder to fix mistakes. Believe me, I know. I see them; they are so obvious. You are missing the point of the mushrooms. Go work on something you are actually good at. Leave mixing to someone less gifted. It is a simple art to us. Here, look at this:"

The old man cocked his head to the side and fished in the deep pockets of his grimy cloak and produced a handful of stems and caps of the sort used to pack delicate glass pieces in. Taking two caps of slightly different color, one of the lighter brown ones and one of the normal ones between his thumb and forefinger, he made eye contact and raised his hands, gesturing at the little stack as he jiggled it for emphasis.

You opened your mouth thinking to protest that the two mushrooms were of the same variety but of course they weren't; you knew immediately what he was doing. Redfaced, you turned and left the room. He called after you, calling you an idiot and, worse, Senseless, and a number of other things lost to the moment. Lessons were done for the day, this time the honor of bringing them to a close having fallen to you. It was not an honor you relished.
