the particle cruised further.  it was in free space now, and alone.  others had been before him, and others close behind also, but not so close as to risk contact with each other.  the plane was being filled.

mostly the plane filling would not be significant, in any or all dimensions.  but there was always a chance that he would be the one to connect.  and the plane filling would never cease, except in the sense that an infinite thing can ever be finished; that the limit was reached.

other particles passed him heading back, he was sure of it.  but he could not observe them directly.  they did not even set a foot in the hopscotch-squares that his confinement had become.  here sat only he.  he pondered whether or not he would be the one - the single one - that reached the end of it.  the one that made the infinite real.

but here he sat in his 16 squares, copying himself into the next through a series of contortions.  it was so small, but somehow he didn't think he could ever have existed in any larger.

all particles reach their fate, eventually.  sometimes they would strike a planet or an asteroid, but mostly they would miss for what seemed forever.  and it was impossible for a particle to reach out and touch the infinite; to feel it... but if such a thing is tried enough times, by definition it must succeed.

without thinking, he told himself that something as small as he could even think at all.  what about him, in his grotesque simplicity, would know itself?  He couldn't be himself; this had to be a vessel of some sort.  his actual self must have been elsewhere.  yet, even though he knew this, still, here he was.

the plane filling did not have it so hard; it waded through the thicket of planets and suns, even supermassive central black holes, striking them in places but immediately copying itself into the shadows they projected into infinity.  it could not be stopped so readily.  but it was slow.  it was the particle's job to run ahead, to be the first wave of colonization.