The sea is a natural beauty.  I think that is true, but if you thought so, you might be wrong.  You, not me.  When I think it, it most probably is true.

It's debatible though, what truth is.  Is it just some belief that does a good job of representing reality?  And which reality?

You see, the sea is beautiful, and in a way that most of us would recognize as being natural.  It is a part of what we describe as nature; we say it is a part of the world's nature to have a sea, without any tinkering with anything - without artifice.

And artifice is the domain of people; nature and all her beasts constantly make changes big and small to the world, but this is not meaningful in the same way as artifice is.  Man collects his knowledge and in a relatively short span he transfigures the world into something entirely ew.  When he moves on, his knowledge he brings with him, and so it comes to pass that he changes not only the world, but himself.

But are people the only ones capable of creating the artificial?  What if were to ask a silly question; what if I asked you if you had every heard of a Vulcan?  What is a Vulcan?  Where do they live?  Was their world destroyed in a giant calamity?  Were they castaways? What far beach had the survivors collapsed upon, kissing the sand?

If they would love a land so deeply as to fall down an kiss it, was it because they had finally been saved, or was it because they were finally home?

Yes, tell me, where does a Vulcan live?  When you realize, it will make such perfect sense that you might take off work, so that you might laugh for the rest of the day.

A Vulcan, generally speaking, lives in a volcano.  A small one, a big one, it doesn't matter.  So long as it is still active.  Pity the poor Vulcan who lives in a dead or dying volcano.  But don't pity the rest.  Surely their homeworld was lost to them, and in a truly terrifying calamity.  Truly they were unable to save their dying world, but then, they had not given up trying.

